feat: support nested plugins (#3348)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/plugins.mdx

When a plugin internally uses fields that control the order, such as `pre` and `post`, the execution order is adjusted based on them. See [Pre Plugins](/plugins/dev/core#pre-pluginss) for more details.

## Nested Plugins

> Rsbuild also supports adding nested plugins. You can pass in a collection containing multiple plugins as a plugin preset, which is helpful for implementing complex functions that require multiple plugins (such as framework integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rsbuild also supports adding nested plugins. You can pass in an array containing multiple plugins, similar to a plugin preset collection. This is particularly useful for implementing complex functionalities that require a combination of multiple plugins (such as framework integration).
```

```ts title="rsbuild.config.ts"
function myPlugin() {
  return [

>     fooPlugin()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fooPlugin(),
```
